Fixes for Indexing Section (#971)
graphprotocol/docs: website/src/pages/en/indexing/tooling/graph-node.mdx

| 8030 | Subgraph indexing status API | /graphql | --index-node-port | - |
| 8040 | Prometheus metrics | /metrics | --metrics-port | - |

> **WARNING: Never expose Graph Node's administrative ports to the public**.
>
> - Exposing Graph Node's internal ports can lead to a full system compromise.
> - These ports must remain **private**: JSON-RPC Admin endpoint, Indexing Status API, and PostgreSQL.

> > - Only expose 8000 (GraphQL HTTP) and 8001 (GraphQL WebSocket) if needed. Lock everything else down with firewalls or private networks.

Reviewer: Can we use stronger language here to indicate that no ports should be exposed, even 8000 / 8001? Ideally these are proxied via `indexer-agent` instead, and that uses some kind of production-ready proxy instead

> > - Only expose 8000 (GraphQL HTTP) and 8001 (GraphQL WebSocket) if needed. Lock everything else down with firewalls or private networks.

Author: ```suggestion
> - Do not expose 8000 (GraphQL HTTP) and 8001 (GraphQL WebSocket) directly to the internet. Even though these are used for GraphQL queries, they should ideally be proxied though `indexer-agent` and served behind a production-grade proxy. 
> - Lock everything else down with firewalls or private networks.
```
